1. You are given n activity schedule [s<sub>i</sub>, f<sub>i</sub>] for 1 ≤ i ≤ n for one room,
where s<sub>i</sub> and f<sub>i</sub> denote the start and the finishing time of activity i.
You are to select the maximum number of activities that can be schedule such that no two
activities have an overlapping period. Design an greedy algorithm.

2. Prove that the your algorithm is optimal.

3. Consider the following problem for n jobs: each one of which takes exactly one minute to complete.
At any time T = 1, 2, 3, ..., we can execute exectly one job. Each job i earns a profit of p<sub>i</sub>
dollars if and only if it is executed no later than time d<sub>i</sub>, where d<sub>i</sub> is given
as an input. Assume that d<sub>i</sub> is an integer value. The problem is to schedule the jobs to
maximize the profit.
<br /><br />
Consider the following greedy strategy: For all the jobs with deadline at 1 minute, schedule the job
with the maximum profit. Next, for all the jobs with deadline at 2 minutes or less, pick the job
with maximum profit from the remaining unscheduled jobs. And so on. For example, consider n = 4,
profits P = (50, 10, 15, 300) and deadlin D = (2, 1, 2, 1). The greedy strategy will yield the following
solution: job 4 and job 1 to be scheduled for a total profit of 80 dollars.
<br /><br />
Give a counter example to establish that this greedy strategy does not always work.

4. The prim's algorithm works correctly when an arbitrary vertex is chosen as a start vertex.
Assume that there is only one edge say e<sub>1</sub> whose weight is smaller than any other edges.
Prove that e<sub>1</sub> is always included in a tree generated by the Prim's algorithm regardless
which vertex is chosen as a start vertex. 

5. Given the following array, apply the heapify algorithm.

    [ 4, 6, 13, 2, 4, 11, 5, 3, 9, 0 ]
